Handle artificer mods. (#7450)
DestinyItemManager/DIM: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* Fix an issue where energy swaps in the Optimizer where not displaying the correct resulting energy.
* Removed the "Max Power" loadout from the loadouts page. You can still apply it from the loadout menu on the inventory screen.
* If loadouts have notes, those notes are now displayed in the hover text on the loadout dropdown

> * The Artificer mods are now handled in Loadouts and the Loadout Optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Artifice Armor mod slots are now handled in Loadouts and the Loadout Optimizer.
```
